Hello everyone. Today I'm here with the awesome, the
legendary, have a divine. I mean, I, I wasn't
expecting to have this conversation so soon, but Marcelo
Alonso, uh, made me a, a big favor, so,
yeah, uh, Eva, welcome to the show. It's, uh,
I mean, of course, of course, people should know
you, but anyway, you were a legendary adult film
actress and you now recently started also. So, a
podcast, the Ava Divine, uh, Divine's Bad Advice podcast.
I mean, I watched episode 1 and episode 4.
I still need time to watch the other two
episodes, but, uh, it's, it's awesome. It's awesome.
Yeah, thank you so much. You know, thank you,
uh, for having me on your show. Uh, Marcella
and I are very, very close friends. Um, SHE'S
known me pre-porn, so I mean. Yeah, anything, anything
she suggests or You know, it tells me, gives
me a suggestion for, I always take her, her
advice. Yeah, we're, we're very close, so I'm, I'm
just honored to be here. So thank you for
allowing me to be here in a quickness cause
we decided yesterday. I'm like, I could be in
here tomorrow, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, I, I mean, I was a
bit nervous because I, I, I thought, uh, like,
I, I mean, come on, I'm going to talk
to a legend. I have to come up with
some pretty good questions, but let, let's see how
this goes. So, sure,
and, and Ricardo. Ricardo, the, the, the wonderful thing
about me, I'm very easygoing, you know, believe it
or not, I'm, I'm pretty like laid back, so
I mean, we're, we're gonna have fun regardless.
Oh yeah, no, that's for sure. So I, I
mean, walk us all the way back to basically
your origin story in the adult film entertainment business,
let's call it that way. I mean, uh, what
got you into porn, basically?
OK, well, um, you know, it's funny because like
I've, I've always explained, you know, I, I was
growing up as a child, I was, uh, sex
was never frowned upon, um, so I, I've always
had a wonderful, uh, open mind about sex, and
I was very comfortable with sex and sexuality, and
I was never confused or embarrassed or ashamed. So,
um, I've always been, I've always admired sex, sex
industry as a whole, you know, regardless, um. What
happened was I, I was, uh, an escort. I,
I, I worked backwards. I was an escort, stripper,
then I got into adult films.
Oh, OK. So in terms of sex work, you
started as an escort, is that it? Yes,
yes, actually, I started out as a phone girl
back in the day. There, there were phone girls
for escort services, and I was very promiscuous as
a young girl, of course, very experimental, very sexual,
sexually driven. And um I met a lady. I,
I was uh working at a handbag store at
the time, like a very high-end retail, uh, luxurious
handbag store in, in a hotel, Bally's at the
time. And, um, the, the lady that I was
working with goes, you know what, she, she would
tell me her story that she was an escort,
um, uh, you know, many years ago, and she
goes, you know, you have a lot of sex.
Like you should get paid for it. I'm like,
good idea. Like, great idea, you know. But so
anyway, fast forward, so, so I was introduced to
that life, right? Um, AND not by force. I
wasn't on heavy drugs. I wasn't, you know, nobody
coaxed me into it. It was my own free
will. I very much enjoyed, like I said, it's
sexuality and uh profiting from it. So it's like,
oh my God, this is my calling. So fast
forward, uh, you know what, I'm, I'm 28. I'm
in this strip club, and, uh, where was it?
Uh, SO, so this girl's like, you know, you
should do porn, and I'm like, really? But I
was so nervous that um I, I, I, I
was very insecure, so I'm like very scared of
like being on TV and The way I look
and my body and you know whatever you know,
so, so I had, I had a few hangups,
but um for some reason I really wanted to
and uh I met somebody that was like, OK,
I'm gonna introduce you to someone that knows he,
he worked for Penthouse and he knows, uh, Hannah
Harper and Derek Hay of LA Direct Models, and
I can, he's like, I can introduce you to
this company and you can become trip porn. So
anyway, so I, I, before I did that, I,
I met someone, some girl in the strip club,
and she introduced me to, uh, Mr. Chris, who
is a filthy first-timers of Evil Angel, I think,
or Elegant Angel. I think Evil Angel. And I,
I did my first porn scene in Vegas with
Mr. Chris, and his wife at the time was
shooting our video, which I was OK about. I'm
like, All right, girl, like make sure you get
my best side, like, what, well, I fuck your
husband, you know, but, um, so, uh, you know,
I just, I just had a lot of fun
with it, and I was like, wow. How great
is it that I can like totally sexually express
myself on camera in, in an environment that's safe
and sound. We have testing, you know, we have,
we have tests, so I can have bareback sex.
Um, WE'RE in a confined area where there's a
camera person, so nobody's, you know, that everyone's on
board. We're, we're all consensual. I was like, oh
my God, this is fun. I, I, it was
a very long, like I was like, oh my
God, I gotta do a cowgirl position for like,
how, how many more minutes? Like, you know. So,
but other, other than that, I did love the
sexual expression and be and being able to uh
just like tap into like my inner slut self
and have it recorded, so.
Yeah, I, I, I mean, let, let me ask
you then, what did you like doing or what
do you like doing the most? Is it escorting?
Is it porn or something else?
You know, I, I mean, I, I will, I'm
gonna happily say every, everything brings everything, every service
brings something different to the table. So, you know,
sometimes when I'm like, oh, I'm gonna see a,
a fan privately, and then I'm like, oh, I'm
not in the mood or whatever, but then the
minute I get there. And, and our energies combine
and, and we gel as a, as, you know,
sexual partners, like it's so much fun, you know,
or I do an adult, adult film, uh, a
movie, right, a scene, right? Oh God, I'm, I'm
very nervous. I'm very nervous. I'm always nervous. So
I'm like, oh my God, I'm, you know, I'm
petrified, whatever. And then I get on set and
like I see the performers and and the camera
when we're taking pictures, the makeup artists, whatever. Then
I get very relaxed and then I get into
my zone, you know, so it's like stripping, you
hear the music, you're with your friends, you're whatever,
like it all, it, it all brings something spectacular
to the table in in all different ways. So
I love it all.
So you started doing porn around what, 2003, somewhere
around that, yeah, OK, 2003, so, so 22 years.
I imagine that over those 22 years, over the
past, this past 22 years, you've seen many people
coming and coming. And exiting, coming into and exiting
the sex industry, I mean, what, looking back at
all those people and thinking about yourself, what do
you think are perhaps the traits that make uh
a female successful in the sex industry?
You know, I mean, I, I really don't know.
I, I mean, for me, I can only speak
for myself, you know, for me, I, I have
to be, uh, coherent and sober. I have to
be, uh, comfortable in my own skin. And I
have to enjoy sex. So, like, that, that, that's
what works for me. I don't, I can't speak
for other people and their success. I don't know.
Maybe they suck the right dick. I don't know.
Maybe they, they're just that star quality. I've no
clue. But for me, Miss Ava Devine, I had
to come to a place where I had to
get sober, because I like to drink and jog,
and unfortunately, that skews my, my mind, body, and
spirit. And, and it, it just, I don't, for
me, like I had to get that out of
my system. And then I'm able to learn to
be comfortable in my own body, my skin. Like,
if I'm heavier, thinner, bigger boobs, smaller boobs, whatever.
Like I gotta be comfortable in my skin. And
then also, I have to really enjoy sex, which
I do. So, so when, when it became, when
it was becoming a little bit robotic for me,
that's when I had to like take a break.
OK, so look, uh, uh, in my conversation with
Marcella, I suggest that at least one trait for,
uh, porn actresses and uh escorts is good to
have because they have lots of sex with different
people. Uh, I mean, I guess that it is
more comfortable for women, at least if they are
or if they score higher on sociosexuality, that is,
they are. More interested in having sex with more
people, even people they are not attached to, and
they don't need that sort of more emotional side,
more attachment side of things to have sex with
someone. I mean, do you agree with that, or?
I mean, honestly, for, for me, I really feel
like I do have to have some kind of
emotional connection with, with, with whoever because guess what.
It's, I'm, I like, I don't wanna be robotic.
If I'm robotic, I need to stop and like
step away. I don't wanna be, it's not like
it's not, I'm not, I'm not just here to
bounce. Like anybody can bounce, right? But what, what
do you do? What's behind that bouncing? I wanna,
I wanna get in your brain, I, which, which,
right? I wanna get in your brain. I wanna
talk about fetishes. I wanna talk about what turns
on, what your turn-ons are, and, right? And then
that ties into emotional, right? Because guess what? Now
we're emotional. I'm on the same wavelength as you.
I'm not, I'm not coming from a higher up
angle or a lower end angle, right? I, I'm
like, I'm meeting you right there. We're, we're locking
eyes. We're locking souls. We're lacking sexual kindred spirits
right now. Regardless if we love each other or
not. Like, it, it. Cause, cause for me, sex
is way more than just the physical bouncing penetration.
It's way more. There, there's so many layers and
depth of sex and dimensions that I have to
touch to be successful in the bedroom.
Yeah. Uh, LET, let me ask you another thing.
I'm really curious about this because over time, I
mean, first in the 90s, I guess that when
you got into porn uh in the early 2000s,
I mean, VHS cassettes were no longer a thing,
like we were into DVDs. So uh when you
went through the porn industry. It was, uh, there
were still DVDs being sold, and then
I believe some VHS too, I believe. Oh, OK,
I believe it was called box covers at the
time. We had to make the box cover,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I, I know about that
thing about the box cover. I've ordered it from
other, from other porn actresses, so, uh, but I
mean DVD. Or VHS and then it it became
more and more progressively more online, right, online business
and now you also have OnlyFans and other platforms.
So uh across all of those kinds of mediums,
which of them do you think is the one
that best serves, uh, the performers?
I really feel that, uh, OnlyFans has really, for
me, like I said, I'm gonna speak for myself,
uh, it helped my career tremendously, where I'm able
to connect with my fans on a much Intimate
basis, but also the, the bonuses, right? I, I
feel like OnlyFans came about and then it, now
it, it, it changed the porn game for it
being about the creators, the providers, the porn, the
talent, right? It's, it's, I don't have to kiss
naughty America's ass or browser's ass because guess what?
I could shoot with whoever, and, and then, and
then guess what? I'm getting all the money for
the content. Right? Granted, browsers Naughty America has much
better marketing skills than my little Instagram page, right?
But It, they, they both help each other out.
All I'm saying is, but OnlyFans for me is,
has really uplifted my intimate connection with my fans
and also my career for myself. It, it's for
me. If I want to shoot at 8:00 p.m.
or 2 p.m. and hire my own makeup. Makeup
artist and work with the talents that I wanna
choose and maybe do anal triple anal. I could
do it. I could book it. I don't gotta
wait. Oh, I hope, uh, Dog Fart hires me
for that BBC gang bang because guess what? I'm
gonna call all these guys, all these BBC people,
and like, hey, let's collab.
Yeah, look, uh, uh, as I was telling you
before we start the recording, I mean, not this
bit that I'm going to mention now, but, uh,
like, uh, 1520 years ago when I was an
adolescent, I mean, it was very much, uh, about
not the not the America, a reality. The Kings
razors, so that those were, those were the places
where the big players were on
for sure, for sure, like, like being hired for
Vivid or whatever, like you're like, oh my God,
that's, which I never was, but like it, it's
a big deal, right? And now it's like. Not
really. Not anymore. I mean, it could be. I'm
not, I'm not discounting that whatsoever, but, uh, for
me, once again, I'm speaking for myself, I'm not
beholden to these bigger companies to get validation or
to get recognition.
Even with the contract, I mean, even people who
get contracts with browsers or other, another company, I
mean, is that not good enough?
I mean it's great. I think it's, it's, it's
a great opportunity for them, but for me I
never have, and so I don't know that that
avenue. But, but for me I enjoy having my
own free will and being able to do whatever
I want, you know, that, that's the bonus of
it. Like I said, I'm not beholden. Oh please,
please, oh please, I'll do whatever it takes to
be browsing, you know, whatever. Like I don't, I
don't, thank God it doesn't, it's not like that
anymore for me. But, but, but I, I, I'm
not, I'm not putting down any company. I think
it's great. I would love to work. I, I'm
with a porn agent, so I could work with
browsers, Naughty America, all these different companies. I love
them all. I'm just saying the game has changed
for me since OnlyFans is relevant.
OK, so with 22 years of experience, what would
you say are the pros and cons of doing
porn?
Oh God, I mean, there's so many pros. There,
there, uh, I mean, there's more pros than cons,
way more for me. Pros is, I mean, I
get to sexually express myself in a safe environment,
um, with people who care that people are on
the same page, uh, people that get tested regularly,
responsibly. Um, IF it gets too rough, I could
always say, stop, you know, code word, whatever, and,
and we can pause. Um, If there's any accidents,
people are like, oh, it's normal. Like, it's like,
you know, and I'm not, oh my God, how
embarrassing. Is he gonna call me back tomorrow? What,
you know, like, or she, or whatever, like, it's,
it's all like we're all, um, it's all uh
uh a team effort. Versus versus personal life. So,
yeah, that's definitely a pro.
And I mean, how do you look at um
porn in society? I mean, because there are many
people, of course, you're aware of this, everyone is
aware of this. There are many people out there
with a more conservative kind of mentality that are
against porn and against sex work in general, and
they say that porn and sex work are only
Harmful to society and so on, but what would
you say are the benefits of porn
for? Well, I mean, there, there's benefits of porn
in society is, uh, uh, freedom and, and sexual
expression. I mean, anything is bad to society, eating
too much food, drinking too much alcohol, you know,
I mean, anything is shopping, gambling, like, like what
isn't, right? That that's all. Subjective, right? That's all
subjective of what is bad for society and what
isn't, because I can't help you that you ruin
your life or your marriage or whatever because you
are addicted to a certain whatever, right? That's not,
that's not my problem. Nobody put a gun to
your head and said, consumer, abuse, abuse, abuse. That's
on you, right? That, that's on the consumer. So
I mean, is it bad or is it, is
it a danger to society? I think not. I,
I mean, like I said, it's all subjective, drinking
too much alcohol, eating too much food, eating too
much sugar, eating too much cookies. Like what, what
isn't harmful to society, right? That's a, that's an
individual, uh, thing for someone to decide, right? But
as a whole, as a whole, no, I mean,
It's, it's just all about sexual expression, and the
wonderful thing is, is that today's society, there's not
a specific body type. Like years ago when I
was growing up, you know, it was very Pamela
Anderson, tits on a stick, blonde Caucasian women, right?
That, that's what I was in my era, that
was popular in the early 2000s and 1990s, right?
Today, now, everybody's different, all walks of life, all
different walks of body. There's no specific body type.
More curvaceous, right? More curvaceous, but, but that's great,
right? Or, or not, you know, I mean, it
doesn't really matter. I just think in today's society,
there's no stereotypical. Look for porn, porn stars. Like
I think we all have our own uh look
and, and I feel like it's, it's, you know,
all, all over the place. Some from natural tits
to small skinny to BBLs through the roof and,
you know, or, or BBW like all, it's all,
it, it, it ranges. It used to be from
what I recall in my experience. Tits on a
stick, blondes, skinny girls. That's, that was what I
witnessed. Today, it's, it's, there's such a large variety,
which I love because now everybody can feel sexy.
For sure. I mean, that's, uh, that was actually
one of the points that I was about to
bring up because, I mean, I've noticed as well
that over time from the 90s to 1000s and
now through the 2010s and the 2020s, I mean,
uh there's more and more variety in terms of
women, uh particularly women who perform in the industry.
I mean, we, you have uh fat people, skinny
people, people with big Small boobs, big small asses,
and so on and so forth. And I mean,
I think that's great and actually it goes, it
goes against one of the points made by, for
example, certain feminists who are against sex work and
pornography because they say, oh, pornography reinforces beauty standards,
uh, no, no, no, or at least not anymore,
right? Exactly. And, and honestly, like I used to
think like that too, like, oh, why is it
all blonde. Whatever. But honestly, porn, uh, uh, caters
to what sells the best. It's a business, right?
If, if the blonde girls with the, with the
skinny bodies and the big tits make money for
the, those consumers for that business, hell yeah, continue
to push that, right? It's, it's not about what,
what's hot and, and whose opinion. It's what, it's
a business, what makes the most money. I'm, I'm
not, for me, I'm not gonna. Work with things
that don't make me enough money or do things
that don't make me enough money just because I
like it or it feels good. Like I, I
want, as a businesswoman, right, I want to see
what will generate the most income.
Mhm, YEAH, for sure. I, I mean, let me
just tell you two things because I, I mean,
I'm one of those guys. I'm very bookish, very
into science,
and I'm, I, I, I,
I'm a, I'm a nerd, basically, so
I like it, nerds,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and. Basically, I mean two
things because these are two common arguments or accusations
people make of of porn. I mean, one of
them is that people say, oh, porn causes sexual
violence. I mean, actually there's no data at all
to back up that claim because over the, over
time porn consumption has been going up and sexual
violence has been going down. So there's not even.
A correlation there. I mean, if, if you want
to establish a sort of a causal relationship there,
then I guess it would be the other way
around. If you watch more porn, you engage less
in sexual violence, I guess. So, uh, and the
other thing is, uh, because you mentioned addiction there.
I mean, I have two interviews on the show
with Nicole Perrosi. I mean, she's awesome. She's a
neuroscientist, a psychologist. She studies. Pornography and one of
the things she studies or she has studied is
a porn addiction. I mean, I'm putting it uh
in scare in scare in scare quotes because um
that that's what she found out is that that's
actually not the thing. I mean people who identify
as porn addicts, the thing is that they are
either religious or very conservative and so they were
brought. Up in a culture or in an environment
that condemns porn and sex work and if they
go and watch porn, even if it's even if
they do it very little, I mean they identify
themselves as porn addicts, but it's basically a moral
incongruence. I mean they feel bad because they watch
porn and then they claim they are porn addicts.
I mean that that's really fascinating work she did,
so.
I mean, I, I'm, I'm in a twelve-step program,
so I understand what addiction means, it to me.
It's like, If it controls my life and makes
me unmanageable, makes my life unmanageable where I can't
function and it spins out of control, yeah, it's
a problem, but I mean, like I said, it's
all subjective. Like I, I can't tell you. If
it's making your life a problem, you can tell
me if it's making your life, only you can
identify that. I can't go around and go, he's
a porn addict. That's a porn addict, or, or
whatever, right? You have to decide that for yourself.
It's a self-diagnosed disease. You gotta figure it out
for yourself, um, but like, you know, for, uh,
porn, uh, uh, um, for like aggressive sex, I
mean, today, in today's day and age. I mean,
we're uber safe about the word rape and all
that other stuff like you can't go crazy with
someone anymore and, and be like, OK, we're cool.
Like if, if it, if it's too aggressive, you
gotta speak up and say, uh uh, no, you
know, or, or whatever like in today's today's, in
today's day and age, you can't be aggressive with
People so easily like it was back in the
day, but I understand some people going, oh, you
know, um, the sexual aggression and porn, but people
don't understand that. Like, like when I meet people,
they go, Oh my God, are you, are you
going to suck me off like that? And I'm
like, no, because guess what? During that scene that
was shot at 10:11 a.m., I starved all day
long. We're meeting up at 78 p.m. I ate
a full freaking meal. I'm sorry. You know, or,
or like, or like, hey, like I said, sometimes
there's accidents, right? We got to cut. We gotta
clean up. We gotta do whatever. Not all the
time, like, like in real life, you don't do
that. You don't go, oh, cut, pause. I gotta,
you know. So like, so I understand like the
misconception of watching a porn and going, wow, I
wanna do that in real life. And, and guess
what? A lot of the porn girls are very
talented. So when the guy gets mad at his
wife cause she can't deep throat him the way
I do on an empty stomach. That, that's on
him. EVERY, we're selling a fantasy and people don't
understand that, you know. They think it's, it's real-time,
real life, every day. My, my entire day revolves
around deep throating, sword swallowing, and it's like, I,
I can't. I'm a human, right? I gotta eat.
I, I, and I don't, I don't go around
begging for gang bangs all night long. Like the
reality of this, like I got stuff to do.
I gotta go to the gym. I got grocery
shop. I got to pick up the dogs. Like
we are, and that, and now I'm bringing them
back to humanizing adult film actresses or film, uh,
adult films. The human the humanization is that we,
it's an, uh, it's, it's a, uh, it's a
service. It's a job. It's a business. And it,
it's, it's in a safe time slot and, and
it's not my everyday minute to minute being, you
know, we're, I'm selling a fantasy and I'm blessed
to be great at sword swallowing, anal gang bangs
and all that, double anal, but I'm not gonna
do that on an everyday basis. That's not who
I am or my everyday life. I'm not gonna
call two dudes from the bar or meet some
guys at the bar and say, let's double anal
me tonight. Like, That's not really gonna happen, unfortunately,
but fortunately.
Yeah, but I, I mean, I guess that people
have to keep in mind as well that uh
porn is basically entertainment. I mean, you don't, you
don't do that or you don't have to do
that in real life sex.
Yeah, I mean, and sometimes I do if I'm
not, if I didn't eat a meal before, like,
I mean. Uh THINGS happen that, that I can't
do that, you know. And, and like, I, I
wanna bring home, home the point that like when,
um, you know, guys go, oh my wife can't
deep throat me like that or, or I can't
bang my wife in the ass like that. It's
like, well, you know, maybe you guys gotta like
plan that out or teach her like You know,
it's, it's not like I do that every 5
minutes of the day, you know, on my downtime.
It's like, sometimes I do. Don't get me wrong,
I'm not, I'm not discounting or, or saying I
don't. But it's not, I don't put the full
effect. In the the my porn scenes that I
do in my private life. I don't want that
actually.
Yeah, and I mean there are many women out
there who just don't like to do those kinds
of things, and that's perfectly fine. I mean,
sure, yeah, it doesn't make you less of a
person. It's just saying. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm,
I'm, I'm a human, and there are times where
it's physically impossible. I just ate a meal. I
can't sword swallow you cause I just ate a
meal. You know, like there's, there's suck or, or
I, I didn't do, prepare for anal. Sorry, you
know, it's like, I, I'm not, I'm not douching
my ass out every second of the day to
do anal.
So, uh, when you were like 2028, 29, and
now that you are in your early fifties, I
mean, how have things changed in terms of how
you prepare for a porn scene, for example, has
anything changed? Changed as you got older or not,
uh, no, not, nothing has changed, um, because I'm
still, I, I was, uh, I'm a lot more,
I was a lot more reckless, younger, irresponsible, but
reckless, but today I'm much more responsible. I'm much
more, um. Uh, I'm older, I'm more mature. I'm
a little bit more wiser, but other than, other
than things changing from in my, not really, I
mean, I won't, I won't go out and party
the night before, you know, like, I mean, I,
I, you know, back in the day, maybe I'd
be doing some lines till 3 in the morning,
but not, not, that's not my story today. I,
I like, I like sleep. I like good rest.
And, and I work out more. I like to
work out more too.
Yeah, sleep is good. Sleep is good. I like,
I like a good night's sleep. Yeah, I mean,
yeah, and do you feel that, uh, like adult
performers are still as stigmatized in society today as
they were, for example, two decades ago? Do you
feel that,
no, OK, cause I, I believe since OnlyFans came
out and, and a lot of people are, I
guess, are called influencers and, you know. They twerk
their butt and, and they now they got like
20 million followers and they shoot a couple videos
with their boyfriend and then now they're, I don't
know, they're, they claim porn star, whatever, but like,
you know, so it's a little bit different today,
but You know, I just, uh. I don't know.
I just, I just feel like it, it, it's,
it all works out. It, it all works out.
It doesn't really matter to me cause, cause I,
there's a saying, you know, cream rises to the
top. My professionalism and my love for my job,
my sex, whatever, will rise, you know, everyone that's
pretending or whatever, it drops off. So, You know,
and, and I'm not hating on anyone. I'm just
saying like that's my work ethic. Like, I do
it cause I love it and, and I do
it cause I want to be, Yeah, you know,
I, I just, I just enjoy it tremendously and,
and I take it seriously. I'm, I take it
seriously. This isn't like, I'm not gonna, it's, it,
it matters to me. It's not, it, it, it
is a big deal to me, my, my work
ethic.
OK, so look, I have to take this opportunity
because as I told you before we started recording
when I was an adolescent, you were one of
my favorite performers. I mean, the other ones were
like, uh, Lisa Hand, Phoenix Marie, Cyn the Mayor,
and people like that. So I like your. Some
of them are still in the business, so, you
know, uh, uh, but I, I have to ask
you this, and I, I will probably steal one
of the future questions that one of your fans
was going to ask you in your own podcast,
but I have to ask you this question. So
what kind of men do you appreciate the most?
Well, huh, well, the nice thing is I'm very
fluid, so I like men and women, um. I
love it all, um, but I do say that
today, uh, November or whatever, 2025, I am looking
for someone that, um, is emotionally available. I like,
I like that. I want a great communicator. Um,
I love honesty. Um, A well-endowed penis helps tremendously.
It does. I, I'm realizing like, uh, the smaller
dicks just aren't that. Fun for me and um
I do need someone that, did I say honest?
I like honesty and responsible. I like responsibility and,
and consideration. I like considerate people.
I, I, I mean, that's interesting because, uh, you
know, there's this kind of podcasts and shows on
the internet now. Uh, YOU'VE probably heard of them,
I mean, uh, shows from the so-called manosphere, the
red pill, the black ill, and so on and
so forth, where Uh, those kinds of guys are
always making the claim that, oh, all women are
hypergamous, so they all want men who, for example,
earn more than them, and men who are dominant
and men who put them in their place and
so on and so forth. I, I mean, it
doesn't seem to me that all women are interested
in that kind of thing,
right? No, I mean, I, I don't. I, I
don't want to ignore red flags anymore. I don't,
if somebody has a criminal record or no job
or no car or no place to live. I,
I'm not, that's not like hot to me anymore.
Um, I, I do want somebody that is somewhat
established. I'm not asking for sugar daddy or like
someone that's like, you know, CEO of a, of
a big company. I'm just, I just want somebody
that, um, can fend for themselves. I think that's
a nice quality too, that you're not reliant or
dependent on other people or, and you don't want
a handout. Um, I like self-sufficient people, yeah.
Yeah, that's great. So what kind of hobbies do
you have?
Huh, OK. Well, what hobbies do I have? I'm
Kinda learning that I do like to read. I
like to write. Um, I'm really enjoying having this
podcast, cause, um, it's I, I, I don't even
know how vulgar I could be on here, but
there's no, uh, phallic object in my mouth other
than a microphone, which is pretty cool because uh
there, there's another dimension of me that likes to
tap into the mind, body and spirit. Of things,
you know, like, um, or should I say the
mind and spirit versus just sexual acts. So, I'm,
I'm really enjoying having a podcast. I'm having a
lot of fun with that. I like, uh, I
like conversing with people about life. Um, I, uh,
what else do I like? Um, I want to
start maybe taking like a paint class or something.
I don't know. I'm like, I, I just, I
just wanna do kind of like, uh, just some
fun things. Like, like that, that, that aren't like
my usual, you know, I mean, I can say
shopping is a hobby, but not really, you know,
that's more like an addiction for me. It makes
my life unmanageable, OK, but, um. But no, I
mean, you know, I, I, I wanna like, I
wanna experience, and I love, I love going to
music fests like concerts and like I'm really into
music and I love it because being sober and
uh listening to music and like especially like my
EDM that I love, it's freaking amazing. Like I
went to EDC and it was like I don't
know, just, just being able to be sober and
present in the moment and very coherent and enjoying
the hard music that I used to do drugs
to is like, oh my God, the, you know,
dichotomy of that, like, how crazy is that?
Look, I, I, I, I certainly share some of
those interests. I mean, I'm very much into books.
I mean, my show is primarily with, uh, academics
and intellectuals, so I mean, you already get the
sense that I'm very much into intellectual stuff and
I love music, I love movies, I love. A
porn, of course,
of course, I
mean, that's
important,
and I, and I, I'm also into, uh, sports
like wrestling and soccer and so on. I mean,
I have a multitude of interests, but yeah, no,
and, but my prime, my primary interests are intellectual,
so. Yeah, I like it, and, and you know,
I, I'm really enjoying, uh, weight training, working out.
I think that's fine. That's one of my hobbies
too.
Yeah, awesome. Let me ask you, I, I mean,
I don't know if you ever identified yourself as
such, but do you identify as a feminist?
Um, YOU know what, I, I don't even truly
know what the full definition is, to be honest.
Will you describe it to me? Will you explain
it? What, what the true definition is?
I mean, for me, it's just uh giving women
freedom to do whatever they want to do with
their lives. I mean, that would be, I guess,
a basic definition of it.
Oh yeah, sure, then, then, then I'm all about
that. I, I believe. How about, how about giving
people freedom of choice, period. Like men, women, children,
trans, what like, how about that? Like, what, what
would that be considered a humanitarian? I, I guess
I'm a humanitarian. Like, I, I feel, I feel
everyone should, uh, Do what they love and do,
do what's healthy for them.
Yeah, but that's the thing, right? I mean, uh,
feminists, at least the choice feminists, I mean they,
they don't care if you are a porn star,
a sex worker, or if you are a traditional
woman and want to stay at home and raise
your kids and cook food. I mean, as long
as you're doing it out of your own free
will, free choice, and you have agency, I mean.
That's well,
that, yeah, then I guess so. But I, but
I feel like, uh, uh, people should be like
that regardless of gender. I just, I just feel
like, why, like why? But yeah, I mean, I'm
all for, uh, I'm for anyone. I, I don't
look down at people cause they're sex workers. I
don't look up to, to people because they're sex
sex workers. I don't look down at people if
they're a librarian. I don't look up to people
if they're a doctor like. If you're, if you're
a good person, you're a good person, you know,
or, or, or if you're, you know, healthy mind,
body, and spirit, then I'm all on board with
you. If you're evil and you're rude, I don't
care if you're the president, porn star, a doctor,
like if you're evil, I don't, I don't condone
that, no.
Uh, YEAH, I agree. Uh, WHAT kind of relationships
do you have with your fans?
I have wonderful relationships with my fans. It's um,
It's, it's really crazy is that I, I, for
some reason, like I have like a decent memory
of like each and every what each and every
fan likes, and I love that. I mean, sometimes
I can't remember it all. There's, there's so many.
Thank you God. Thank you fans for being so
loving and so supportive. But like, yeah, I, I
get them. I totally get them. I get like,
I see eye to eye with them, so. I
have a really great relationship with my fans. And
I'm the type that really feels that without them,
I'd be nothing. Without them, I'd be sucking dick
in a back alley, just whatever. You know, like,
without them, uh, like, so if people come up
to me and, and like, I'm not the type
that gets Annoyed. I don't care if you know
me or if you're, like, I'm honored. I'm honored
that you knew me. I'm honored that you took
the time out of your day, work up the
nerve to come up to me and tell me
that you love me. Like, that's amazing because I
know, I, I know what that's like. I, I
went up to someone and I said, I'm a
big fan, and they shot me down. And I
was like, ah, that hurt. That was uncomfortable, you
know, I was like, fuck. And then it made
me like be sour about them, like, damn, really?
So it's like, like, you know, like, like some
people go, oh, so annoying. These fans keep bothering,
not me. I'm like, give me, give me lovin
cause I, I, I'm, I, I owe you. I'm
indebted to you guys.
Look, this is something that this is an assumption
that many times, at least the feminists who are
against sex work because there are also feminists who
are in favor of sex work, uh, I mean,
they say that er all fans and clients objectify
the women they like or the women they are
with. I mean, do you feel objectified at all
by them?
Not at all, not at all. I mean, I.
I'm selling. As a fantasy. I'm selling sex. So
how can I be objectified, like, That's cool. Do
you wanna ask me how my day is and,
and, you know, whatever, but honestly, like, I'm here
to get you off, like, That that's cool. You
want to talk more and see, you know, other
things, but honestly, like I'm not offended because you
don't ask me how my day is or if
I'm feeling emotionally well today. Like I don't care.
Like I get it, you know, like for me
I don't have, um, I have a very good
understanding of what, what's in play. So being objectified,
I don't have a problem with that. I don't
feel that that's what's happening. I mean, or, or
great, bring it on. Objectify some more. Like, that's
what I'm here for. Like, I, I, I, I
have a very clear understanding of, of what my
purpose is.
So do you think that sex work is for
anyone? I mean, if, for example, you met, OK,
let, let me just ask you the second part
of my question. If you, for example, met an
18-year-old girl, a 19-year-old girl, and she was saying
that, oh, I want to get into porn, I
mean, what kind of advice would you give her?
Well, since I do give the worst advice ever,
I give really bad advice. I'd, I'd be like,
I'd be like, I don't know. Uh, ARE you
sure? Are you comfortable with this? Do you understand
the ramifications that are gonna happen after you post
something or you, you put yourself out there? And
remind them it's on the internet forever. Like, are
you OK with that? And are you comfortable with
saying yes or no? Stop and start. I, that's
too rough. That's too much. Like, are you comfortable
speaking up for yourself? Because I don't appreciate when
people, things happen to them and then like years
later they talk, they complain about it like. I
don't know. I, I feel like, I mean, speak
right then and there like that, that would be
my advice. Don't wait till later and say you
whatever negative shit happened, like squash it right there.
Squash it, right, if you're uncomfortable, stop.
So, uh, uh, without naming names, what do you
think about, uh, former performers that, uh, regret having
participated in the porn industry and now would like
for the companies to take their sins down from
the internet?
Well, I, I don't know any of that, but
unfortunately my attitude about that is like. You were
a volunteer, not a victim. Like, nobody put a
gun to your head and said, you have to
shoot this, or we're gonna murder you. And you
got to shoot this to save your life and
save your family. You were a willing volunteer, and
I'm sorry that life took a different path for
you, but you have to be responsible for your
actions. That's that for me, that's my Outlook on
it. I, let me speak for myself. I have
to be responsible for my actions. Nobody put a
gun to my head and said, you have to
shoot this. You have to do porn or whatever,
or I was a druggie and I needed to
get my fix, or like, no, that I was
a volunteer. I voluntarily Put the dick in my
mouth for the paycheck on camera for whatever ulterior
motives I had. I'm up, I'm on board.
Have you ever regretted doing anything in the porn
industry?
No, cause it served its purpose. Whether I'm embarrassed
of it now, today or not, like, it serves
a purpose at it's at its time, so it's
like, Why regret it? It's done. It's, I, I
did it, you know, whether I, I was in
the right mind or not, like I did it.
Like, like I said, I volunteered. I was there
with the camera and the dick and whatever else
is around. So, I, I don't, and, and I,
I really don't want to have any regrets because
I feel like it's all taking me down to
this. PATH that I'm on now,
right? Mhm. No, yeah, I think that's a very
healthy way of dealing with the past, right, for
sure. And, and,
and I feel like I don't ever wanna play
victim cause that will keep me sick and that's
trouble for me.
OK, so, look, we have, uh, around 12 more
minutes. Tell us about your podcast. I mean, you
started it around 3 weeks ago, right? So yeah,
what, what do you want to do with it?
OK, well, actually it was an idea I came
up with in 2012. It finally, yeah, so it
finally came into fruition 3 weeks ago, 3 or
4 weeks ago, um. I, uh, I was like,
I wanna do this. I've been wanting to do
it. And I just felt like um the time
was right. My, my trainer at the time was
very helpful. He's like, I'll do it with you.
Let's, let's try it. And I thought it would
be fun and funny, cause I, I get a
lot of fan questions all day, every day for
my whole entire career. So I was like, why
don't I just make a podcast about it and
like, answer my fans' questions, either with guests or
by myself. And another, another avenue where I can
like, Interact with the fans, and also like, have
a different dimension to who Ava is.
Yeah, uh, look, as I told you, I, I've
already watched episode 1 and 4. Episode 4, I
really loved it with that doctor. I can't remember
his name, but he was, he was great, yeah,
yeah, he was, he was amazing too. Do you
plan on having many guests there, or are you
trying to perhaps, uh, shoot most episodes just you
and Kyle?
Well, actually, I'm gonna start doing, uh, he, he's
just like a, was a part-time co-host. I want
to, um, probably do it solo, maybe sometimes bring
on some co-hosts, but I don't wanna rely on
that. And I don't really wanna rely on having
nonstop guests. They're fun, but I don't wanna rely
on that cause then for me, I just feel
like it's too much pressure and it's like, I
don't know. I, I, I just, I just felt
like I don't really want any rules, like set
rules. I just wanna have fun and answer fans'
questions and have a giddy, funny time and like
make fun of it cause my advice sucks. So,
or, or it could be helpful, but, you know,
whatever. Take it as you will.
Yeah, no, I've been doing podcasting for almost 8
years, and, uh, now I'm starting to have some
fun.
Yeah, oh really? Yeah,
I mean, I, I, I, I mean, don't get
me wrong, I've always loved the podcast. I, I
love. Having intellectual conversations, but now, I mean, with
this series with uh sex workers, now I'm really
get, I'm really getting to have fun conversations, the
kinds of conversations I, I always love to have
on the show.
Yeah, see, that's, yeah, and this wise man told
me, he goes, Ava, if you make your business
your pleasure, you will never have to work a
day in your life. And I, he, he, that's
the way he told me. Some people say it's
Backwards or I said it improperly, but I'll, I'm
like, that's my favorite saying and whether it's botched
or not, I love it, and it's so true.
I don't want to have to like do a
job or like, you know, forced to do something
not begrudgingly like I wanna do it cause it's
fun and, and like I said, I, I, I,
I wanna be a businesswoman as well, and I
want it to make sense, but But, you know,
I, I, I do, I do in my heart
of hearts wanna have fun. I wanna have a
good time.
OK, so I have one more question and then
one final one that I told Marcela just yesterday
that I'm going to turn it into my final
question of every episode of this series, which I
hope is going to be a very long series.
I really, I really hope that, but uh uh
earlier I asked you about men, but how do
you approach relationships and love in your life?
I'm sorry, the, the, it, it, we got a
little bit disconnected. What was that? How do I,
OK, OK, OK. Uh, HOW do you approach relationships
and love in your life?
Um, THE good, the good thing is I'm very
open to it. I'm, uh, I'm emotionally available. I'm
very communicative. I, and I do believe in honesty.
So, um, I'm, I could receive it and give.
I, I can take, take and get, I can,
what is it, give and take a relationship. Um,
I, I, I want to be transparent at all
times. I think that kindly and considerately, I wanna
be transparent. And I feel that that's like a
recipe for a successful relationship.
Yeah, awesome. OK, so, uh, going to my final
question then, uh, I, as I said, I asked
Marcella the same thing yesterday. Give me, I mean,
you've been in the business for more than 2
decades now. Give me your Mount Rushmore of female
performers.
God, I, you know, that, that's a really tough
one. Really, well, I mean, because I, I feel
like everybody brings something spectacular to the table, and
it's like there's always, you know, so it's like,
I mean, for me, it was like Vanessa Del
Rio, Belladonna. You know, Jenna Jamison and, and, and,
but then, but then like right I come across
and I'm like Sarah Jay, Gia Durza, Leah Lovely,
like then I'm like, oh well, like, you know,
like everyone's like, you know, coming, it like it
never, it never ends, right? So, so I can't
really. I mean, that, that's, that's my best answer,
I think. All I know is like everybody has
something spectacular. Everyone's so unique in their own way.
It's like, how could, how could we put, what
is it 44, you know, 4 of them. How
could it be the top 4? It's like, everyone
brings something spectacular to the table.
Yeah, I mean this is just a segment to
have some fun. I mean, I can tell you
mine and then you can I guess react with
it. I mean, by the way, Jenna Jameson was,
uh, uh, Marcella also mentioned her, so you have
at least that one in common. So, but, but,
but, but mine are, I mean, for me, the
goat is Nina Hartley. OK, that's the goat, and
then number 2, Lisa Ann, number 3, Phoenix Marie,
and number 4, I mean, it's, it's not because
I think she's a better performer than the honorable
mentions I would have here, but it's just because
she's my favorite, it's Shia Ryder,
so, OK, yeah, yeah, see, yeah, it's like everyone's,
it's, it's hard I couldn't keep, I couldn't narrow
it down, yeah.
Yeah, and then of course in my honorable mentions,
I have to mention Ava Devine, Brandy Love, Cyren
the Mayor, Diamond Jackson, and right, I mean
like how, how could we, how could we narrow
it down? There's like everyone has something freaking spectacular.
It's like, uh, I couldn't, that's too much pressure.
I'd be like, ah.
I mean, I mean, who are your, uh uh
just out of curiosity, who are your closest female
friends in the industry?
Um, I would say right now it'd be like
Rochelle Ryan and, um, oh God, there, there's, let's
see who else. There's like Brandy May, there's, you
know, uh, Leah Lovely, there's, there's, there's, yeah, there's
like several. But, you know, it's, it's crazy cause
like everyone has such busy schedules that it's like,
we, we, we, you know, get in our own
bubble, and then we're like, oh my God, how's,
you know, then we reach out, you know, so
it's like, you know, everyone's there. It's just We're,
we're our schedules are, which is a wonderful thing,
we're also so busy, so it's like, you know,
but yeah,
yeah, I imagine. So, OK, would you like to
tell people then where, where they can find you
on the internet? I mean, I, I have already
put, uh, prepared, uh, the description, and I put
your, uh, X handle there, your Instagram, the, um.
Your YouTube handle for your, the Ava Divine, uh,
YouTube channel and also to your podcasts. So anything
else? Sure,
my Linktree, right? Linktree.com/avadivine and, um, uh, my OnlyFans.com/avadivine.
OK, awesome. So Ava, this has been an honor
to talk to you, really. So thank you so
much for doing this.
Thank you so much for having me, and I
love all my fans, and I love you, Ricardo.
Thank you for having me, you guys. Hope you
enjoyed it.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Enlights, Learning and
Development done differently. Check their website at lights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters,
Perergo Larsson, Jerry Mulleran, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seaz Olaf,
Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingbird, Arnaud Wolf, Tim Hollis,
Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forrest Connolly. Then Dmitri
Robert Windegerru Inai Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield, Governor,
Michel Stormir, Samuel Andre, Francis Forti Agnun, Sverggoo, and
Hal Herzognon, Michel Jonathan Labrarinth, John Yardston, and Samuel
Curri, Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel, Sardusran,
David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezara Romain Roach, Diego Londono
Correa. Yannik Puntervan Ruzmani, Charlotte Blis, Nicole Barbaro, Adam
Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alec Baka Madison, Gary G. Alman, Semov,
Zal Adrian Yei Poltontin, John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward
Hall, Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolotti, Gabriel P
Scortez or Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffyanny Smith,
and Wisman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg Jarno,
Luke Lovai, Georgios Theophannus, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin, David
Williams, Dio Costa, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw,
Marie Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D. Lee
Junior. Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber, Robert
Grassy, Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix, Mark
Kempel, Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly Johnson,
Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson, Ismael
Bensleyman. George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate Van
Goler, Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali Mohammadi,
Perpendicular, Jannes Hetner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsov,
Sean Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A special
thanks to my producers Iar Webb, Jim Frank Lucas
Stink, Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller, Thomas
Trumbull, Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlomon Negro, Al
Nick Cortiz, and Nick Golden, and to my executive
producers, Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis, and Rosie.
Thank you for all.